feat: python serverless worker (#4467)
temporalio/documentation: docs/production-deployment/worker-deployments/serverless-workers/aws-lambda.mdx

| `--zip-file` | Path to your packaged deployment zip. |
| `--timeout` | Invocation deadline in seconds. This is the maximum time each Lambda invocation can run before AWS terminates it. Set this high enough for the Worker to start, process Tasks, and [shut down gracefully](/serverless-workers#worker-lifecycle). |
| `--memory-size` | Memory in MB allocated to each invocation. |
| `TEMPORAL_ADDRESS` | Temporal frontend address (e.g., `<namespace>.<account>.tmprl.cloud:7233`). |
| `TEMPORAL_NAMESPACE` | Temporal Namespace. |
| `TEMPORAL_TASK_QUEUE` | Task Queue name. Overrides the value set in code. |
| `TEMPORAL_TLS_CLIENT_CERT_PATH` | Path to the TLS client certificate file for mTLS authentication. |
| `TEMPORAL_TLS_CLIENT_KEY_PATH` | Path to the TLS client key file for mTLS authentication. |
| `TEMPORAL_API_KEY` | API key for API key authentication. |

> The serverless Worker packages read environment variables automatically at startup. For the full list, see [Client environment configuration](/references/client-environment-configuration).

Author: ```suggestion
The SDKs read environment variables automatically at startup. For the full list, see [Client environment configuration](/references/client-environment-configuration).
```
